1285176562
AddImageToBooks	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/db/migrate/20100917172054_add_image_to_books.rb	class AddImageToBooks 
Application	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Book	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/app/models/book.rb	class Book 
BookTest	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/test/unit/book_test.rb	class BookTest 
Booklog	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/config/application.rb	module Booklog
BooksController	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	class BooksController 
BooksControllerTest	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/test/functional/books_controller_test.rb	class BooksControllerTest 
BooksHelper	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/app/helpers/books_helper.rb	module BooksHelper
BooksHelperTest	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/test/unit/helpers/books_helper_test.rb	class BooksHelperTest 
BrowsingTest	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateBooks	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/db/migrate/20100917165320_create_books.rb	class CreateBooks 
DeviseCreateUsers	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/db/migrate/20100917190155_devise_create_users.rb	class DeviseCreateUsers 
TestCase	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
create	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/db/migrate/20100917165320_create_books.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/db/migrate/20100917172054_add_image_to_books.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/db/migrate/20100917190155_devise_create_users.rb	  def self.down
edit	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def new
show	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
up	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/db/migrate/20100917165320_create_books.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/db/migrate/20100917172054_add_image_to_books.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/db/migrate/20100917190155_devise_create_users.rb	  def self.up
update	/home/avbranco/study/ruby/booklog/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def update
